Brendon Ng
304-925-492
UCLA CS 35L Lab 3
TA Guangyu Zhou

Assignment 8: SSH setup and use in applications

Homework:

1. Suppose the other teams really had been observing all the bytes going across the network. 
Is your resulting network still secure? If so, explain why, and explain whether your answer 
would change if (1) you assumed the other teams had also tapped your keyboards after you completed 
all client-server setup and had thereby obtained your team's keystrokes during later operation, or 
(2) you are booting off USB and you assume the other teams temporarily had physical control of the USB. 
If not, explain any weaknesses of your team's setups, focusing on possible attacks by such outside observers.

   Ans:
   Our network would stil be secure because we encrypted all messages with the
   public keys, but the correct private key is needed to decrypt it and the
   other teams would not have the right private keys because it is on our
   computers.

   (1) If the other teams had also tapped our keyboards, it would no longer be
   secure as they would have access to our private keys. They would know our
   passphrase which would allow them to obtain our private key info.

   (2) If the other teams had physical control of the USB, they would be able
   to access the .ssh file to directly gain access to the private key, thus
   compromising our data and messages.


2. Explain why the gpg2 --verify command in the following instructions doesn't really verify that you personally created the file in question.
How would you go about fixing this problem?

    Ans:
    It doesn't verify that we personally created the file but it checks if the
    file and the detached signature match. So someone could tamper with the
    file which creates a different detached signature, so the command would
    be useless and think it is from a different source.

    To fix the problem, we need to post the public key on some third party
    site to keep track of the origin of the key so we can verify to ensure the
    receiver has the correct key.

