Brendon Ng
304-925-492
UCLA CS 35L Lab 3
TA Guangyu Zhou

Assignment 3: Modifying and rewriting software

Homework Questions Q1-Q4

Q1. The peformance of the ls command is improved by the patch because the ouput
    of the ls command is now more consistent with the order of the flags we
    pass to it. It now makes more sense that if we use a -aA flag, the -A
    overrides the -a and if we use a -Aa flag, the -a overrides the -A.
    The efficiency, however of the ls command is made worse by the patch. This
    is because an extra check was added to hide the . and .. directories.

Q2. If my company were to adpot this patched version of Coreutils instead of
    the default one, we would have to watch out for the order of our flags and
    for anything that may be being overridden.

Q3. When we invoke the script on an empty file like /dev/null, we get an error
    as follows:
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "randline.py", line 70, in <module>
    main()
  File "randline.py", line 64, in main
    sys.stdout.write(generator.chooseline())
  File "randline.py", line 34, in chooseline
    return random.choice(self.lines)
  File "/usr/local/cs/Python-2.7.15/lib/python2.7/random.py", line 277, in
       choice
    return seq[int(self.random() * len(seq))]  # raises IndexError if seq is
    empty
IndexError: list index out of range

We get an out of range error because there are zero lines in the file inputted.
The function chooseline() calls random.choice() with an empty sequence because
the file has no content. This raises an IndexError when called with an empty
sequence.

Q4. When we run this script with Python 3, we get a synatax error as follows:
      File "randline.py", line 65
    except IOError as (errno, strerror):
                      ^
    SyntaxError: invalid syntax

    This syntax error arises because some syntax rules changed from Python 2 to
    Python 3. One of these included the statement
    `except IOError as (errno, strerror):` being invalid in Python 3. While it
    is valid in Python 2, it needs to be changed to `except IOError as err:" in
    Python 3.
